
# Front end Web Project 1 
# Reflection
   Website is a collection of web pages, a website with all the pages constitutes a complete website, web design refers to the overall page design, including pattern, colour, content, pictures and so on. The first step of web design is to design the layout. In the fourth or fifth week of school, we typesetter the web page with paper and pen, and learned many excellent websites. I made two images of Web template, one draft and one final template.(images/CBR1/Webpage Template for reflection.png)      (images/CBR1/final template webpage for reflection.png) Just like newspaper typesetting, we divided the page into sections and slowly added the information needed to each section. I think the colour collocation of pictures plays a very important role, different picture colours give people different psychological hints, can affect our mood. And the picture colour collocation can give people a sense of space, hierarchy, intimacy. So, I used a lighter image in index.html to accentuate the space of the colours. I used black and white text to make the whole homepage soft and light. First, I made a background image on homepage, then I used JavaScript to import six images into the homepage and filled the image with no white space. Then I designed other HTML pages and carried out the design, such as adding voice and video links, pictures and output, text design, colour and so on. Finally, I added navigation bar, Footer, logo and designed them.
  
  Whether the success of the page, in some details also have a decisive role, such as the site in the front of each title appropriately add some icons to decorate the web page, can make the web page effect more colourful, I refer to many sites, found that do not use too much page icons. For Canberra Art Biennial's website, only two black icons are used, and the colours of the icons should be consistent to avoid clutter. The use of text on the website is also particularly important. When users browse the web page, they mainly want to see the text content of the web page, so they should pay special attention to the processing of text. The colour of the text should not be like the background colour, so that users will be very difficult to browse the text information. Don't mess with fonts. Fonts that you use can be displayed on your computer, but not necessarily on someone else's computer. Pay attention to the line space between the text, if we do not set the line space between the text, the text will be very small, affecting the beauty of the page. We can also use some beautiful background music, which will make the user feel better.
  
  Front-end web page production is mainly the use of graphics production software and processing software to make web page renderings. We need to understand the process of making a complete website and understand the role of web production in making a website. Combined with specific examples, more practices, cultivate sensitivity to technology and rapid adaptability, pay attention to all kinds of new possibilities brought by technological change, eliminate the obstacles formed by technology. On the other hand, to feel and master the fashion language of computer design from many aspects and angles, write HTML, CSS, and JavaScript. And adjust the corresponding style according to the resolution and size and do a good responsive website.

   
# Advantage
  At the beginning of this website, I used a lot of techniques, such as CSS Background Image, CSS styling images and so on. In addition, I used bootstrap that I was good at learning. (But it doesn't apply here) My home page is full of images that really show what the holidays are about. I use CSS Media Query for different device resolutions to solve multiple device display adaptation problems. I use JavaScript to enrich the content of web pages and improve the ease of use of web pages. In new.html, I used iframe to connect the video to my web page. Good navigation bar, footer and logo design.I make good use of the CSS selector.

# Disadvantage （I need to improve）
  Unfortunately, it was stated in the assignment requirements that bootstrap could not be used, so I encountered many obstacles and kept trying other methods to solve them. Also, I get white gap between navbar and header, Extra white gap between images, images do not fill the whole web page, white space between footer and content, CSS learning content needs to be constantly improved. I don't have pictures on other pages. Just plain words. Maybe a hero banner on each would work. I need more research and reference websites to learn more about the title style of websites and whether text shadow is suitable for designing on the title. I need consistent spacing on other pages. Not all sites have full-width text and need to refer to design materials and sites and how they lay out content pages. Don't need to link to Google, YouTube, etc in the footer, also do not need for email. On the mobile views (less than 425px) the navigation is too small to read and the spacing between elements is inconsistent. The responsive view needs to be refined. I should learn more about the rules of responsive web layout. Responsive website design is not implemented in new.html. The text color is similar to the background color. Visual design needs to be improved.
  






